Pass additional configuration options to the `jupyter lite build` command (#169)
jupyterlite/jupyterlite-sphinx: docs/configuration.md

Reviewer: If you want to clean up the formatting that would be better to do in a separate PR.

Author: Reverted this in 511b5c6e7c692371d33c02496ce5703a24416fd7. I'll make a new PR with these changes later!

```

in your Sphinx `conf.py`.

> 

Reviewer: What do you think of this wording?

Additional arguments can be passed to the `jupyter lite build` command using the configuration
option `jupyterlite_build_command_options` in `conf.py`. The following example shows how to
specify an alternative location for the `xeus` kernel's `environment.yml` file as discussed
[here](https://github.com/jupyterlite/xeus?tab=readme-ov-file#usage).

```python
jupyterlite_build_command_options = {
    "XeusAddon.environment_file": "jupyterlite_environment.yml",
    }
```

This causes the additional option `--XeusAddon.environment_file=jupyterlite_environment.yml`
to be passed to `jupyter lite build` internally within `jupyterlite-sphinx`. Note that one
does not include the leading dashes, `--`, in the keys.

The options `--contents`, `--output-dir`, and `--lite-dir` cannot be passed to `jupyter lite build` in this way. These can instead be set with
the [`jupyterlite_contents`](#jupyterlite-content) and [`jupyterlite_dir`](#jupyterlite-dir) configuration options described above.

Author: This reads well to me. Thanks! Committing this change.

Reviewer: and then I don't think the thing about the full list of commands should be included. It doesn't actually include the full list of commands, and the most useful ones will probably be for `Addons` which aren't included there.

Author: Should we point to some particular JupyterLite Addons just in case, while not being too verbose about it?

Reviewer: I don't think so. I don't think we want to explicitly encourage people to use this, but it's good it's there in case someone needs it. I expect anyone who needs this level of customization will be able to figure things out from the info here.

Author: Thanks, addressed in 7b954c44f9724b8279c3ca0a6146cd3c70bc26f4.

Reviewer: Maybe add a sentence like,

```
This is an advanced features and users are responsible for providing sensible command line options.
```

Author: Added the sentence in d49069ef7ab65494640c72ee2bcf578547524a6c.

```

in your Sphinx `conf.py`.

## Additional CLI arguments for `jupyter lite build`

You can pass additional arguments to the `jupyter lite build` command by passing a dictionary of arguments to the `jupyterlite_build_command_options` configuration option, without the hyphens prepended to the keys. Here's an example:

```python
jupyterlite_build_command_options = {
    "port": 8888,
    "XeusAddon.environment_file": "jupyterlite_environment.yml",
    "source-date-epoch": "315532800",
    }

> ```

Reviewer: Have you tested this out. I got the error

```
Extension error (jupyterlite_sphinx.jupyterlite_sphinx):
Handler <function jupyterlite_build at 0x717566aa3010> for event 'build-finished' threw an exception (exception: Expected all commands arguments to be a str, got ['jupyter', 'lite', 'build', '--debug', '--contents', '/home/birbir/interactive_doc_experiments/doc/source/_contents', '--output-dir', '/home/birbir/interactive_doc_experiments/doc/build/html/lite', '--apps', 'notebooks', '--apps', 'edit', '--apps', 'lab', '--apps', 'repl', '--apps', 'tree', '--apps', 'consoles', '--apps', 'voici', '--lite-dir', '/home/birbir/interactive_doc_experiments/doc/source', '--port', 8888])
make: *** [Makefile:25: html] Error 2
```

because port is an `int` here, but `subprocess.run` expects all command args to be strings. If you want to be able to allow integers here, they need to be converted to strings.

Also, in this context, I don't think it makes any sense to specify a `port` here, so let's not use that in the example. It's lucky you included it though, because we might have missed the bug.

I think just having the `"XeussAddon.environment_file"` option is file here.

Author: Addressed in d1acb8874c1d39f0bb70e13ca0a9b7da368492ee, I have now just kept the `"XeussAddon.environment_file"` option and clarified the sentence below it

This will launch the JupyterLite site on port 8888, configure the `jupyterlite-xeus` kernel with a custom
`jupyterlite_environment.yml` file, and configure the source date epoch to ensure reproducible builds.

:::{attention}
The `--contents`, `--output-dir`, and `--lite-dir` options are not supported in this scenario, as they are set by
the [`jupyterlite_contents`](#jupyterlite-content) and the[`jupyterlite_dir`](#jupyterlite-dir) configuration
options, respectively, as described above.
:::

:::{seealso}
The full list of available options can be found by running the `jupyter lite build --help-all` command. For more
information, please visit the [JupyterLite documentation](https://jupyterlite.readthedocs.io/en/stable/reference/cli.html#usage).

> :::

Reviewer: I think all of these admonitions are drawing too much attention to what's supposed to be an advanced feature that will only be used by people who know what they're doing.

Author: That makes sense, removed them in 6cc2cabe7ca868045f6a45707897e24b5f8f39e7 (we can look into adding the `colon_fence` plugin later)

> These options take precedence over the options provided by the user such as via environment variables
> or through JSON-based configuration files.
> This is an advanced feature and users are responsible for providing sensible command line options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an advanced feature and users are responsible for providing sensible command line options.
The standard precedence between `jupyter lite build` CLI options and other means of configuration apply.
See the [jupyter lite CLI](https://jupyterlite.readthedocs.io/en/latest/reference/cli.html) documentation
for more info.
```
